Sad story... written by LayLasagna and Stickmirror



PROLOGE: in the beginning, matthew, a 7 year young boy was VERY hungry and went to mcdonas. he ordered a bUR guuur and frieeees but it was TOO expensive
the lady REFUSED to give it to him for free,the lil boy had no money on him. His bully beufered stole all of matthews money
so he was poor and lived with his parents. He accidetnally ordered the MOST EXPENSIVE bUR guuur and frieeees ( 4 deblunes, its very expensive in the 
universe they live in) he had to pay the bills somehow, but when his parents found out about the bUR guuur and frieeees he got kicked out since 
4 deblunes are SO expensive. Matthew REFUSED to pay the bills and work for mcdonas so he ran away from his home country (Italy, hes in Mehico 
its a real country trust me) 

CHAPTER 1: First few years of being homeless.

Matthew 19 was very very homeless. He was also very lonely his only friend was his pet pedro the dog, a shibainu. They were BEST friends and they 
were very happy together...UNTILL.....the UNKNOWN EVIL mehican drug cartel kidnapped his dog and dug a hole into his skull and filled it up with
drugs. Matthew was very devistated about the news when he found pedro on the floor, dead. He cried like an innocent citizen of jew nersy, He was crying 
for hours and hours...he whiped his tears with the corspe of his beloved best friend....Matthew was also starving at the time he only had his 
bUR guuur and frieeees left so he ate one single bite every year...

CHAPTER 2: INSANITY

Matthew, now a 30 year old unemployed man btw single and ready to mingle ladies ;), was still traumatized by all the bad and horrifying things that 
happened to him years ago, he SUSpected of having schizophrenia. He still had the corspe of his dog for some reason..(hes insane)...he talks to it
every single day as if its was his own blood and flesh AND husband...sometimes he drags the rotting corspe with him around in town, traumatizing 
multiple children. Hes still looking for the mehican drug cartel who kille his only friend...he wants revenge! 

CHAPTER 3: BEGIN OF THE SEARCH 

Matthew has been searching for a while now, 20 years actually. Hes 50 years old and still looking for the guy who killed pedro he KNEW the person who killed
his dog was living in Italy...Matthews homecountry. So he had to swim all the way from Mehico to Italy. it was going to be a long journy so he packed his
bags, took his rotting corpse of a dog and made his way to italy...Matthew made a boat out of the remains of another homeless guy and traveled. 1 year later
he had to eat his last bite of his bUR guuur and frieeees...he knew he was going to starve and the only "eatable" thing he had was his best friend...pedro...
He really didnt want to do it
but he sadly had to... he nibbled on the rotting corpse for weeks so that he didnt die of starvation... 
"traitor...Poopy-head...Stinky siffer...Fart smella..MAKE IT STOP!!!! GET OUT OF MY HEAD!!!! I HAD TO DO IT!!!!!" shouted Matthew after eating his beloved 
friend... 

CHAPTER 4: ITALY 

The unnamed Mehican drug cartel was on the search for matthew... he KNEW he was going to italy..infact... he was spying him all the time... so he began the 
search for his prey...matthew...after a few months he heard the voice of a mentally ill homeless person...a homeless guy high on crack to be accurate....
"AY MEHICAN DRUG CARTEL...I KNOW YOURE THERE!!" he shouted... it was MATTHEW after years they meet again. 
"WHY DID YOU DO THIS...WHY PEDRO.... WHY DID YOU KILL HIM" Matthew cried. The Mehican drug cartel chuckled and revealed his identity...BEUFERED!
Matthew gasped "beufered...why did you do this... my only friend in life...GONE.." Beufered was silent and took out his comically large silver spray paint can
and began to spray the poor...INNOCENT..crack addicted Matthew on his face... "I....I...I did it....for... F O R   T H E   V I N E..." he chuckled as a giant 
mob of spray painted homeless people gathered behind matthew and beat the living shit out of Matthew. Matthew screamed in pain and agony as Beufered laughed.

CHAPTER 5: the bad ending

Matthew coughing up blood and was about to die... he was hopeless.. he was laying on the ground sobbing shitting him self rolling around in his own shit. The 
end was near..suddently...he heard a familiar voice....calling out his name..."m-mother? f-father?" Matthew began to cry. he looked at his parents thinking he was 
going to be saved...but..they..they...THEY LAUGHTED AT HIM.. "HAHAHAH LOOK AT THIS DUDE...FUCKING GRAY ASS HOMELESS GUY GO EAT A BURGER AND FRIES LOSER" his dad
kicked him in the stomach and Matthew passed away...his last words were "ouchie!" 

SPECIAL THANKS: 

Viewers like you